Docs: Update the React documentation to include changes to the `<OpenFormatProvider/>` (#100)
simpleweb/open-format: sdks/react/README.md

## Getting started

- Start by adding the `OpenFormatProvider` around your app.

> - The provider accepts a config object where you set your network url.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The provider accepts a config object where you set the network. This must be a full URL.
```

> - We have provided a hard coded example of a test network on mumbai. A full list of networks can found [here.](https://chainlist.org/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- We have provided an example using a test network on Mumbai. A list of networks can found on [chainlist.org](https://chainlist.org/).
```

```tsx
import { OpenFormatProvider } from "@simpleweb/open-format-react";

function App() {
  return (
    <>

>       <OpenFormatProvider
>         config={{ network: "https://matic-mumbai.chainstacklabs.com" }}
>       ></OpenFormatProvider>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      <OpenFormatProvider
        config={{ network: "https://matic-mumbai.chainstacklabs.com" }}
      >
        {/* the rest of your app... */}
      </OpenFormatProvider>
```

Author: ✅

    </>
  );
}
```

> ````

Reviewer: ✂️  This needs removing

  return <>{data && <pre>{JSON.stringify(data, null, 2)}</pre>}</>;
}

> ````

Reviewer: Extra ` needs removing here
